From Now On
You wear the mask for me every day.
If you let Lu Jingshen see your face
I'll ruin your face
Warm you are just a stand-in
This dream should wake up
warmth
This bitch only gives me a stand-in for the rest of her life
When Lu Jingshen wakes up tomorrow, he will definitely be responsible for me.
At that time, I will be Haicheng
The richest wife
Last night?
You saved me.
I'm just here for a friend's birthday party.
As a result, you were forced to
If you don't worry
Also along the way
I know your identities are very different
I will definitely pretend that nothing happened
What happened last night
I will be responsible for you.
Let the driver take you back later.
OK
People from last night
There doesn't seem to be this scar on the shoulder.
What's going on here?